and I for that we are here that are
grain and we are going to bring here from approx a
mechanical to have brought him a little bit
before but I already knew that I did not have fish
out there getting ready and well here what
you are pretty handsome the truth
also economic
and let's see his sentences of course
in control 1
castro
control 2
he dances the same so I guess
the phrase too
I do not put it in Spanish more than anything
because it 's good times control 4
what I say I do not put it in Spanish
because the phrases in Spanish right now
in the chango or when you give control
one does not speak
I prefer to bring it in English and at least
to say something
plus lieutenant notes well in 1350 days
We will teach you the skills
you have rising we go with the w are more
to heal
to see which w in the form of folding for
see how it changes
there is beige
let's use the third goal but cheating
others
we go with the people
pretty cool and the ultimate she
if they see another nothing
good
we are going to see how he dies
there dance appears is the lounge or so on
Spanish plan with a mechanical theme and
such and such
and now to see how he dies
I've left homeland flying
I have not done anything weird sounding
well
it shows that this year only not because yes
let's see how it goes before
something
handsome cowboy no doubt
and here the boots with wash
Well, what's going on with me here?
pretty handsome you see him
and I hope you liked the help
heap
he liked it has been when he has the subject
determinant
Shes quite attractive
once the new one soon
now